Day 1 :: 13-05-2020

Started coding bot in python, because I had more experience with python than with java script.
Then I understood that I don't really know discord.py and discord.js (discord API for js and python).
As I had experience coding discord bots in python I knew that discord.py documentation is unreadable and has changed recently...(It would be nightmare to try code bot in python)
Fortunately Datorium introduced me to discord.js and I really liked it, the documentation is simple and easy to understan, huge community and easyer to code here than in python.

I created code to get all mentioned users ID's when someone typed !upvote or !downvote and @mentioned someonte
(At first I was thinking to add option to add specific amount of points, but then I tought it would be not good... So I will create only +1 or -1 point)
Also I have to disable option to upvote or downvote yourself...

Firstly I tried to implement MySql database, and watched some tutorials on web but it was very complicated and I couldn't understand anything...
Then I remembered in python I was using Sqlite not MySql, so I implemented Sqlite3 from node.js and everything worked very well!

I created sqlite database where it stores user id, username, up votes, downvotes and points(overall votes [upvote - downVotes]) in table named votes.

I figured out how to get username from user id.

I will add functionality to add multiple points at the same time (only for owner role) but default value will be 1.

Added ability to add multiple users at the same time in database... Still have to think of way to access database values.

Day 2 :: 14-05-2020

I finally got database to work, when you type !upvotes it counts upVotes += 1, but I broke option to add new users to database :|

I found what caused that issue to not add new users to database... Still have not fixed it.

Fixed issue with database, now when user is created then autommaticaly adds upvote or downvote.

I will have to redesign my code, because now it repeats at one point. I updated ability only for owner to make custom amount of points to give to someone, 
also fixed bug to not be able to add multiple points to one person mentioning person multiple times in one message.

Added points system, points = upVotes - downVotes